In ancient times,
when an Israelite
made a heartfelt offering
to support the temple,
that offering was referred to
as ‘a gift in hand to Jehovah.’
Today, in Kingdom Halls
of Jehovah’s Witnesses
around the world,
there are small boxes
marked for voluntary contributions.
When we give our valuable things,
where does it actually go?
Each year, hundreds of thousands
become our new brothers and sisters.
To accommodate our growing numbers,
funds are provided to help construct
new places of worship,
as well as branch facilities
all over the world.
One thing that I really appreciate
about being here
is to see family heads,
fathers and husbands,
choose to use their vacation time.
So thank you to the families
and the congregations
that support all of this
and us to be here.
But what’s just as impressive
is seeing millions of brothers and sisters
voluntarily give of their funds
so that we can keep building.
Just that in itself is an amazing act
of Jehovah’s holy spirit.
Large doors leading to greater activity
are being opened
by means of theocratic schools.
Training is provided to help
those enrolled to develop spiritually
and take a zealous lead
in the evangelizing work.
When you think of the organization
and the education,
the divine education that it provides,
there is no government on earth today
that educates its citizens
like the Kingdom.
It has strengthened
my relationship with Jehovah
in ways I never considered before.
The training is wonderful;
it motivates spiritual growth.
Voluntary contributions help support
the thousands of special
full-time servants worldwide.
These include Bethelites.
While working in the printery,
it’s abundantly clear
that none of this could happen
without Jehovah’s support,
shown by what the friends can give.
I love my assignment,
and serve with the knowledge
that my sacrifice wouldn’t be possible
without the sacrifice
of brothers and sisters in the field.
Also included are missionaries,
traveling overseers,
international servants,
and special pioneers.
All the support makes it possible
and makes our assignment
a great joy and a privilege,
something that we look forward to
each and every week,
each and every month,
each and every year
that we’re able to devote
our full-time efforts in preaching
the good news of the Kingdom.
It allows us to be here so that we
can help as many people as possible
who do want to learn about Jehovah.
Every year, we look forward to receiving
rich spiritual gems at our conventions.
Funds are provided for equipment
and other needs
to help everything run
as smoothly as possible.
It was a delight this year to see
how technology was used
to promote the unity.
Having the different cities involved
where video streaming
to them for the key talks
by Governing Body members
and their helpers
received tremendous response
from those cities.
We’ve seen more people
in their seats during the program
because they were afraid
to get up even for a moment
cause they might miss
something that was special.
When disaster strikes,
your donations help give
immediate relief
for our brothers and sisters in need.
Food, clothing, building materials,
and much more are shipped over
as quickly as possible.
I have come to really appreciate
Jehovah’s organization.
No other organization can compare
in how it provides support
in such a loving way.
I know now that Jehovah
does look after his people.
So I’m really grateful for that,
and I’ve been praying and giving thanks.
Yes, all our contributions
have a meaningful share
in supporting
Kingdom interests worldwide.
Each donation is like ‘a gift in hand
to our heavenly Father Jehovah.’
When we give from our heart,
we are expressing our love for him,
and that is the best gift we can give him.